gh-110771: Decompose run_forever() into parts (#110773)
python/cpython: Doc/library/asyncio-eventloop.rst

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12
      Added the *timeout* parameter.

.. method:: loop.run_forever_setup()

   Set up an event loop so that it is ready to start actively looping and
   processing events.

   Returns the state that must be restored when the loop concludes. This state

>    should be passed in as arguments to :meth:`loop.run_forever_cleanup()`.

Reviewer: "argument" I presume?
```suggestion
   should be passed in as argument to :meth:`loop.run_forever_cleanup()`.
```

Author: No longer relevant as I've moved this to be an internal variable.

   .. note::

>       This method is only needed if you are writing your own ``EventLoop``

Reviewer: Maybe this? Or maybe I misunderstand and the subclass would *call* this and the cleanup method?

```suggestion
      Overriding this method is only needed if you are writing your own ``EventLoop``
```

Author: The usage I'm envisaging (and the usage that would be needed by Toga would be to *call* the startup/cleanup methods, but provide a custom "while True: process event" loop that does whatever is needed for integration. 

Overriding may also be required - the Windows event loop does this. However, I suspect that's more a case of Python's implementation using subclassing to satisfy the needs of all platforms, rather than something you'll see with GUI integration.

      subclass, with a customized inner event processing loop. For example, if
      you are integrating Python's asyncio event loop with a GUI library's event
      loop, you can use this method to ensure that Python's event loop is
      correctly configured and ready to start processing individual events. Most

>       end users will not need to use this method directly.

Reviewer: Maybe stronger?
```suggestion
      end users should not call this method directly.
```
Also below.

Also, I'd like to see a tiny example of how to write such a subclass.

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

.. method:: loop.run_forever_cleanup(original_state)

   Perform any cleanup necessary at the conclusion of event processing to ensure
   that the event loop has been fully shut down.

>    The *original_state* argument is the return value provided by the call to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The *original_state* argument is the return value from the call to
```

Author: No longer relevant as I've moved this to be an internal variable.

   :meth:`loop.run_forever_setup()` that was used to set up the event loop.

   .. note::

      This method is only needed if you are writing your own ``EventLoop``
      subclass, with a customized inner event processing loop. For example, if
      you are integrating Python's asyncio event loop with a GUI library's event
      loop, you can use this method to ensure that Python's event loop has been
      fully shut down at the conclusion of processing events. Most end users

>       will not need to use this method directly.

Reviewer: Same as above.

   processing events.

   .. note::

      End users should not use this method directly. This method is only needed
      if you are writing your own ``EventLoop`` subclass, with a customized
      event processing loop. For example, if you are integrating Python's
      asyncio event loop with a GUI library's event loop, you may need to write
      a customized :meth:`loop.run_forever` implementation that accommodates
      both CPython's event loop and the GUI library's event loop. You can use
      this method to ensure that Python's event loop is correctly configured and
      ready to start processing events.

      The specific details of a customized ``EventLoop`` subclass will depend
      on the GUI library you are integrating with. However, the broad structure
      of a custom ``EventLoop`` would look something like::

         class CustomGUIEventLoop(EventLoop):
            def run_forever(self):
               try:
                  self.run_forever_setup()
                  gui_library.setup()
                  while True:
                     self._run_once()
                     gui_library.process_events()

>                      if self._stopping:

Reviewer: It's unfortunate you need to use private (technically "protected") API and variable here.
Then again, maybe "private" is the right term and we're okay with subclasses using those.

It's also unfortunate that this documentation now constrains what we can do in `run_forever()`.
It almost seems that we might as well document what `run_forever()` does and specify it as never doing anything else.

                        break
               finally:
                  self.run_forever_cleanup()

>                   gui_library.cleanup()

Reviewer: I would imagine these two should happen in the reverse order? Cleanup in reverse order of setup. (Also, to be more robust, I'd use multiple nested `try/finally`s, but the example doesn't need that complexity.

Author: I'll reverse the order; agreed that another layer of try/finally is probably overkill for documenation purposes.

   .. versionadded:: 3.13

.. method:: loop.run_forever_cleanup()

   Perform any cleanup necessary at the conclusion of event processing to ensure

>    that the event loop has been fully shut down.

Reviewer: Maybe say something about whether this is re-entrant? Should I worry about not calling it twice?
